---
layout: post
title: Essay Material
excerpt: "GRE material"
categories: [PTE]
comments: true
---

1. 社会责任感
Social responsibility is an ethical or ideological theory that an entity, whether it is a government, corporation, organization or individual, has a responsibility to society.

There is a large inequality in the means and roles of different entities to fulfill their claimed responsibility. This would imply that different entities have different responsibilities, insomuch as states should ensure the civil rights of their citizens, that corporations should respect and encourage the human rights of their employees and that citizens should abide by written laws. But social responsibility can mean more than these examples. Many NGOs accept that their roles and the responsibility of their members as citizens are to help improve society by taking a proactive
stance in their societal roles. It can also imply that corporations have an implicit obligation to give back to society (such as is claimed as part of corporate social responsibility and/or stakeholder theory).

Social responsibility is voluntary; it is about going above and beyond what is called for by the law (legal responsibility). It involves an idea that it is better to be proactive toward a problem rather than reactive to a problem. Social responsibility means eliminating corrupt, irresponsible or unethical behavior that might bring harm to the community, its people, or the environment before the behavior happens.

2. 选择的自由性
Some people may say choice is not free. They may say that if we do not reflect carefully on our actions, we are not taking responsibility for them, leaving the cause of the action to some other force. When looking at the word responsibility in the one side of the argument, one may still draw up a few questions that need to be explained. If we are ignorant of our own responsibility in taking a course of action, how are we to know that we are not reflecting carefully on our actions? What are the standards of responsibility when reflecting on our actions? What if we do something that we do not know is wrong? To answer these criticisms, ignorance of our actions is natural and cannot affect our ability to rationalize to the best of our ability. In a given situation where it is impossible to know what is best, we have the ability to do what we think is best in that given situation. Assuming that an individual has the power to think about and carefully consider choices, they do have a free will within them that they can bring out in any situation, even if the person has no knowledge of what to do in that certain situation.

3. 自我控制
The self-control of motivation is increasingly understood as a subset of emotional intelligence; a person may be highly intelligent according to a more conservative definition (as measured by many intelligence tests), yet unmotivated to dedicate this intelligence to certain tasks. Yale School of Management Professor Victor Vroom‟s “expectancy theory” provides an account of when people will decide whether to exert self-control to pursue a particular goal.

4. 教育的目的
Fundamental purposes that have been proposed for education include:
The enterprise of civil society depends on educating young people to become responsible, thoughtful and enterprising citizens. This is an intricate, challenging task requiring deep understanding of ethical principles, moral values, political theory, aesthetics, and economics, not to mention an understanding of who children are, in themselves and in society.
Progress in every practical field depends on having capacities that schooling can educate. Education is thus a means to foster the individual‟s, society‟s, and even humanity‟s future development and prosperity. Emphasis is often put on economic success in this regard.

One‟s individual development and the capacity to fulfill one‟s own purposes can depend on an adequate preparation in childhood. Education can thus attempt to give a firm foundation for the achievement of personal fulfillment. The better the foundation is built, the more successful the child will be. Simple basics in education can carry a child far.

5. 网络的作用
The technology revolution is upon us. In the past, there have been many triumphs in the world of technology. To this date, people are able to communicate over thousands of miles with the greatest of ease. The Internet connects nearly 400 million users worldwide and is an essential part of how we work, play, communicate, and conduct commerce. We use the Internet in ways that seemed unimaginable in the past.

The Internet provides convenience for people to learn at home. Internet based training has become a common business tool used to gain advancements in current jobs. Tutoring over the Internet is also available. Business on the Internet is a growing technology. Business on the Internet has no geographic boundaries; it has access to more consumers. Approximately 150 businesses join the Internet every day. There is less labor force needed and it is open 24 hours a day. The Internet is also a bigger and cheaper way to advertise. In the past 20 years, the Internet has changed a number of areas in society, especially the business world. In the last 40 years, the Internet has gone from a method of defense communication for the government, to a business venture for an entrepreneur or a fortune 500-company. The Internet is a way for gaining consumers, products and capital for a business.

6. 网络的危害
The Internet has many great uses, but, as anything else, negative things can be done there as well. The beauty of the Internet is that it is so large that it‟s nearly impossible to keep track of what bad things everyone is doing. A few examples are someone can steal a cell phone and then by using the internet, they can reprogram the telephone to work off someone‟s account and not be traced. Other examples are the pirates of softwares. Someone can get a program that Microsoft sells for about one thousand dollars for free and it can‟t be traced. There is another fact that nearly anything can be traded online, like drugs, weapons such as high power guns, bombs, and the list for these items goes on and on. One of the worst things that the police really want to get their hands on is Child Pornography. It is not so hard to keep track of when people had to go out and hand deliver this stuff, but through the Internet the scum who partake in this don‟t have to leave their homes. A big problem is the fact that underage kids can see what they are not meant to. This does not just end up back at porn though; there are images of extreme violence on humans and animals. These images are not allowed to be viewed by anyone in Canada. However, different countries have different laws, and something that is not allowed here can easily be viewed by someone from a site in another country.

7. 信息时代带来的变化
In the Information Age, it‟s easy to forget that just 10 years ago, the Information Age was stuck on its launching pad. The Internet was unknown to nearly everyone except university researchers; TV was still patting itself on the back over cable success; films were searching for the next big thing; music was sold at record stores. Now, television and computers are colliding and millions of channels are on the horizon; films are bigger, clearer and cheaper to make; and music, more than any other industry, is using the Internet to market itself. HDTV will soon be rolling into homes, delivering a wider screen and digital picture. Television is on the brink of major changes that may forever alter the way we live. It should all happen with the inevitable switch from analog to digital technology. The world of television and entertainment is poised for explosion, and that explosion comes about because television becomes digital. It‟s one of the premiere technology think tanks in the world.

8. 技术对社会和环境的影响
Technology has affected society and its surroundings in a number of ways. In many societies, technology has helped develop more advanced economies (including today‟s global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products, known as pollution, and deplete natural resources, to the detriment of the earth and its environment. Various implementations of technology influence the values of a society and new technology often raises new ethical questions. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, a term originally applied only to machines, and the challenge of traditional norms.

9. 影响新闻报道的因素
A variety of external and internal pressures influence journalists‟ decisions on which stories are covered, how issues are interpreted and the emphasis given to them. These pressures can sometimes lead to bias or unethical reporting. Achieving relevance, giving audiences the news they want and finding interest, is an increasingly important goal for media outlets seeking to maintain market share in a rapidly evolving market. This has made news organizations more open to audience input and feedback, and forced them to adopt and apply news values which will attract and keep audiences. The growth of interactive media and citizen journalism is fast altering the traditional distinction between news producer and passive audience and may in future lead to a deep-ploughing redefinition of what “news” means and the role of the news industry.

10. 领导者的定义及其特点
First let‟s define what a leader is. A leader is getting things accomplished by acting through others or getting people to perform to their maximum potential.
Now let‟s identify some common traits of a leader. Leaders are people who set the example and have the courage to take the initiative to dominate the situation. They are decisive, bold, tactful, and communicate very well. They maintain enthusiasm, commitment, devotion and are knowledgeable of their duties. Effective leadership is the process of motivating others to meet specific objectives.

11. 政府的作用
Government is in a unique position to bring enough resources to bear on a social problem when needed, and to “insure” across the entire society against disasters and personal need. Disaster relief is appropriately the concern of government, rushing resources into areas hit by tornadoes, hurricanes, and earthquakes. There is still an immediate and limited role for private philanthropy through organizations such as the American Red Cross, but the fundamental role of relief and reconstruction is best handled by governments. Government, put bluntly, is in a position to coerce all of us to take advantage of this “insurance”, contributing our fair share to insure ourselves and to provide for the needs of the poor and those affected by disasters. Economists and game theorists have proven time and again that we would all under-invest in public goods such as these if we were not forced to do so by taxation. One can fault government for poor planning and for “wasting money”, but private philanthropy can never substitute for the mechanism of society-wide social programs funded and administered by government.
